A popular topic of discussion these days is stress the you know post traumatic
stress syndrome and other symptoms dealing with stress. Admiral
Arleigh Burke said there's no greater stress in life than the stress
upon the commander in combat and that's may very well be true.
But there's a lot of stress even on non combat please the cryptologic
community for instance someone should have to endure a great deal
of danger and not be able to respond aggressively but were forced to
do there cryptologic duties, even though there were as they use to
say bullet holes appearing in the side of the tent. So there is stress
and that can be stressful. But within my experience said stress
which is understood by the service, is well treated by the service and
relief was given for it. And the biggest help was the fact you were
going through that stress with close comrades, who do together and
that allows you all to enter the stress better